Add threat intelligence for 2.12 (#6273)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security-analytics/usage/detectors.md

After you select the **Alert triggers** tab, you also have the option to add additional alerts for the detector by selecting **Add another alert condition** at the bottom of the page.
{: .tip }

### Threat intelligence feeds

> A threat intelligence feed is a real-time, continuous data stream that gathers information related to risks or threats. The critical information in the tactical threat intelligence feed is called an “indicator of compromise” (IoC). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A threat intelligence feed is a real-time, continuous data stream that gathers information related to risks or threats. A critical piece of information in the tactical threat intelligence feed is called an *indicator of compromise* (IoC). 
```

> A threat intelligence feed is a real-time, continuous data stream that gathers information related to risks or threats. The critical information in the tactical threat intelligence feed is called an “indicator of compromise” (IoC). 

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of the last sentence here (or my rewrite), as it's a little ambiguous. Can we be more specific about what we mean by "critical information"? In other words, what information exactly is called an IoC (what makes it critical)?

> A threat intelligence feed is a real-time, continuous data stream that gathers information related to cyber risks or threats. The critical information in the tactical threat intelligence feed is called an “indicator of compromise” (IoC). 

Author: ```suggestion
A threat intelligence feed is a real-time, continuous data stream that gathers information related to risks or threats. The critical information in the tactical threat intelligence feed is called an “indicator of compromise” (IoC). 
```

> A threat intelligence feed is a real-time, continuous data stream that gathers information related to risks or threats. A critical piece of information in the tactical threat intelligence feed is called an *indicator of compromise* (IoC). 

Author: ```suggestion
A threat intelligence feed is a real-time, continuous data stream that gathers information related to risks or threats. A piece of information in the tactical threat intelligence feed that suggests your cluster may have been compromised, such as a log-in from an unknown user or location or anomalous activity like an increase in read volume, is called an *indicator of compromise* (IoC). These IoCs can be used by investigators to help isolate security incidents. 
```

Author: @natebower: What about this?

Reviewer: @Naarcha-AWS I made a couple of edits, but otherwise this is much better. Thanks!

> As of OpenSearch 2.12, you can enable threat intelligence for Sigma rules related to malicious IPs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of OpenSearch 2.12, you can enable threat intelligence for Sigma rules related to malicious IP addresses. 
```

> To enable threat intelligence feeds, select the **Enable threat intelligence-based detection** option. 

Reviewer: I know we can't change this at the moment, but just FYI, it should be "threat-intelligence-based detection".
